Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection - Fixing missing Unique transformer (#39817)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexResponseAndRemediation/ReleaseNotes/1_1_44.md

#### Playbooks

##### Unsigned and unpopular process performed an injection

> - Added the 'Unique' transformer in task number 4, condition for 'Reported'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the 'Unique' transformer in the condition for 'Was the causality blocked by another alert?'.
```
